make version required argument to avoid confusion and make readme exa… (#467)
abonas/kubeclient: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).
Kubeclient release versioning follows [SemVer](https://semver.org/).

## Unreleased
### Changed

> - `Kubeclient::Client.new` always required an api version, use for example: `Kubeclient::Client.new(uri, 'v1')`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Kubeclient::Client.new` now always requires an api version, use for example: `Kubeclient::Client.new(uri, 'v1')`
```
